Nullish check devtools.enabled (#12093)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/angry-sheep-smile.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> Fixed a bug when evaluating the devtools flag with the new syntax `devtool.enabled` that could result to `false` when eplicitly set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug when evaluating the devtools flag with the new syntax `devtools.enabled` that could result to `false` when explicitly set to `true`.
```

Spotted a typo 🙂.

And just to confirm, I thought the issue was the opposite? If you set `devtools: { enabled: false }`, it might get set to `true` because `connectToDevTools` would overwrite it correct? Should the wording switch?

```suggestion
Fixed a bug when evaluating the devtools flag with the new syntax `devtool.enabled` that could result to `true` when eplicitly set to `false`.
```

Author: yep both good catches, had been a while and wasnt focusing when writing it. this looks good.
